Closes #913: fix setting ints to signals wider than 32-bit (Python only solution) (#1792)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/quickstart.rst

Use ``sig.setimmediatevalue(new_val)`` to set a new value immediately
(see :meth:`~cocotb.handle.ModifiableObject.setimmediatevalue`).

Signed and unsigned values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Both signed and unsigned values can be assigned to signals using a Python int.

> Cocotb makes no assumptions regarding signed/unsigned of the signal. It only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cocotb makes no assumptions regarding the signedness of the signal. It only
```
?

Author: OK, done

considers the width of the signal, so it will allow values in the range from

> the minumum negative value for a signed number up to the maximum positive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the minimum negative value for a signed number up to the maximum positive
```

Author: OK, done

> value for an unsigned number. ``-2**(Nbits - 1) <= value <= 2**Nbits - 1``
> Note: assigning out-of-range values will raise an ``OverflowError``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value for an unsigned number: ``-2**(Nbits - 1) <= value <= 2**Nbits - 1``
Note: assigning out-of-range values will raise an :exc:`OverflowError`.
```

Author: OK, done

A :class:`BinaryValue` object can be used instead of a Python int to assign a

> value to signals with more fine-grained control (eg. signed values only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value to signals with more fine-grained control (e.g. signed values only).
```

Author: OK, done
